sup guys sb 24 sticker here i'll be
showing you my updated version of my
other stack i'll show you guys my main
deck cider can extradite but first i
want to give a shout out to this guy six
called 30 made a deal with ian is made a
lot of trade with him so I want to give
him a shout out and also a shot up to
team evolution so check your page out
i'll put the link down on the
description box and here's the updated
version very similar to the old one like
I made some few changes to make the deck
batter I still run 3 obolus 3 biscayne
three guys do you want to know more
details like just watch the previous
video like what the deck does so it will
help you understand the Deaf more to
light in darkness to harden armed dragon
for some reason harden arms hard to find
in my area so I our own run to marginal
I still run one verse 14 godia one
battle fader I was the same but there
are some huge changes three swap
Prague's 331 still the same two rolling
tote in to do frogs and one fish work
and for spell line up to part of the
wall teaser my proxy for a part of the
wall t I don't have any right now too
expensive and bad investments and spend
this about to come out next month a
two-goal Sark oh here are some changes
to MST this card helps a lot like it
most out of your phone only sets one you
destroyed one of your back row you go
for if you have the way to bring out all
this if you have the nuts then you bring
it out and your opponent will stop I
mean like that bottomless all morning
then it will help you set up more this
for some recent harden on is 1500 attack
and it can get bottomless truffle and if
your opponent knows to deck most of the
time they'll solemn wanting to harden on
and three enemy controllers very useful
if you run frogs are we prepared this
over the pitch works and just like an
extra attribute we have like like light
and darkness dragon and then like
tribute frog everyone knows then get
your master specials on frogs again then
you contribute for light and darkness or
bigger monster Oh goldwave giant ornate
dark hole and masters important all
self-explanatory cards and now for the
side deck I side to burn deck
if you're on this tag most of the time
like I'll say ninety percent your
opponent will side out there msv giant
ornate maybe cold wave and troughs tons
so assigning to burned x3 sicker brought
to justice right to genre 30 magic
cylinder dimensional wall it's like
magic cylinder like three magics on the
ceasefire sound judgment princess rookie
des koala and lava golem lava golem is
poor if they have Brianna if they
Brianna clocky you want to have outs
against bring your neck so la becomes
one of them and Katya is also so you
have more outs for Brianna cord like
cards that distorted like they have like
course that's preventing you from
burning like lava gone we'll take care
of it or if they have like gaining Life
Points monster for some reason and I run
one tsurugi and one des koala to confuse
my upon it it's like this one will do
burn if they have spell and trap cards
and this one's like the one in hand so
to see this monster like it will compute
them like if they want to set monster
out there are parts or they want to keep
it in their hands so this cards will
make your opponent think more and now
the extra deck 3 formula
to armory arm catastor trionic go yo
black rose stardust colossal scrap
dragon so easy to bring out level eight
in this Dec so America and shooting star
dragon for some reasons I don't have a
shooting star dragon I realize I needed
shooting star dragon in this deck
because once I my enemy controller my
opponents Stardust and I have fish were
again start off and threw my product on
the field I mean in my graveyard so that
what's it worth the deck hope you guys
like it and try it out let me know and
subscribe peace